The Joe Rogan experience.
My training partners just beat the crap out of me for weeks on end.
And I went through that and we asked Mike like, Mike,
what do you think about this? I use this normal feeling like this. Mike's like,
yeah, hell yeah, that's normal. And, uh, and it had a special way.
And in his voice, he say there was certain times where, you know, you,
you would come in the room in the practice and you'd watch me practice. And,
and you see my training partner just be to kick the out of me.
You would think he was the champion. You know,
you would think he was a champion that I was just a scrub in there giving him
some rounds, but then you take them out there and you put him in front of, uh,
under the lights put 17,000,
20,000 people around him and he can't do it.
And he just can't do it. That's what makes champions,
champions being able to deal and handle all the chaotic stuff that happens
before, after, and what's happening around them. And, and so I,
you know, that was just like, man, you know, he's so right, because some guys,
and I've watched several guys in the practice room of beef doing techniques.
It's like, how's that even possible, like hitting you with crazy stuff,
but then you put them in there,
put them under the lights and it looks like he's an amateur.
That is one of the weird things about gyms.
Is those guys who are gym killers. Yes. Inside the gym,
they are killers. And then for whatever reason, they can't do it, can't do it.
My thought is always like,
can't you teach those guys how to keep it together when it comes to a fight?
Or is that just something that's inside?
It's something that's inside because I've seen guys that they know,
like these guys put on clinics inside the practice room,
but then they get out there and they just find a way to lose.
They find a way to lose a can't deal with it. They can't handle the pressure.
They can handle everything that comes with it.
They just find a way to lose to where you're just like, how is that possible?
Even if the guy's nowhere near their level, they find a way to lose.
It's crazy that you have had a bunch of fights where you don't remember
most of the fight like that.
That's a thing that a lot of fighters don't necessarily talk about,
but it's a reality of heart.
Yeah. The, my second favorite gray were, um, evil Vien was the referee.
I remember, I think the fourth round mark, my coach mark was like, you know,
telling me we got one more round in my head. I'm like one more round.
What happened? Two, three, and four. I didn't remember at all. And also I,
when I dropped me, I, I rolled my ankle really bad, probably a grade two sprain.
And I remember in the fourth round coming too, and my ankle was hurting me.
I'm like, what happened? I have no idea what out my ankle.
And even got walking back, you know, I was just kinda, you know,
I don't know if sometimes you get rocked to get depressed. For some reason,
I noticed that even in the gym, when he get what I get rocked, they,
I got a little bit of depression going on for some reason.
But what does it feel like when you say depression? Like my middle.
Bowl, you know, you're just down on yourself, you know? Um, I was emotional.
I think it was crying. The gray fight in the, in the locker room. I think they,
they have camera back there and there's a video of me, like a second.
Fight when you stopped him.
Not the second fight. Put the, the sec, all this. That was the second fight.
Not the third fight.
The third fight you stopped. That's what I sacrificed.
You want the fights that you had with gray were so crazy.
They were, so he was so big.
He's a big boy was.
So big for 55, you know? And you were a guy didn't cut any weight at all.
And I was, I literally would eat breakfast on Wayne Day. Wow.
That's crazy.
Did you ever think back then about dropping down or were you just like, it,
I'm the champ.
I was like, I'm a champ. Why should I go down? I mean, I'm winning,
I'm beating these guys. Um, even the best satisfies, they were super close,
you know, it could have went either way and, um, but I just felt, you know,
all right, I'll go down now. I lost two in a row here.
W w what more can I gain from here? Let me go down to 45. And that's,
that's when I fought out though for the, uh, for the 45 pound belt.
When you think about it, like if you had a chance to do it all over again,
like if you had to engineer your career all over again,
would you do it exactly the same way? Would you fight a 55? Well,
you definitely would against BJ, right? Yeah.
I can't. You can't go back and change those things. You know,
it all worked out for me, you know, I, I got a world title. Um, I had a prim,
you know, I'm continuing to have a pretty good career. Uh,
there's always things you wish you could do differently. You know, you just,
I can't be that guy. That's going to say,
I wish I did this wish that things went the way they went.
And then, you know, the fight went the way it did, came down to the fifth round,
you know, um, that's where that fifth round came from was,
was free for them. You know, the,
the love that they gave me to get me even just to give me there, you know,
cause I was ready to break man. I was, I, I,
I was in pieces so many days, uh, in that camp, I, uh,
you know, it was, um,
it was just a roller coaster of emotions, but having them, you know,
my father, my brothers behind me, that's where that strength came from. And, uh,
and everything we went through before the fight. But, um,
that's why I was so emotional in the cage. I mean,
you'd be emotional anyways for a title fight, but, um, you know,
it was, uh, it was something else just to,
just to get there, you know, and, and, and have that opportunity.
And you could really amount of UCLA. I mean, Maddie UCO, he
he's right there with his hands, like.
Right there. Ooh. Did it bother you that, uh,
he was, he had a lot of sour grapes after the fight gay guard did.
It, did it, did he.
Didn't, uh, didn't really credit you for the fight.
He was just saying mostly that you on steroids.
Mom. Yeah. Paying her respects, giving him a hug.
I mean, I understand that felt bad cause he lost,
but I felt like the way he handled it was uncharacteristic for him. He was.
The treatment too. We were so respectful before, after the fight,
I went up to him, you know, before they made the decision, I went up to him,
I shook his hand. I said, man, it was an honor, you know,
so much respect for you. Um, it was an honor to battle with you, you know,
I think to thank you and we shook hands and hugged and, and uh,
you know, but then he didn't stay after they raised my hand,
he walked right out. We didn't shake hands again and then everything else. Yeah.
It really surprised me. Um, I,
I think it was just hard to fathom because you know,
this was my 10th fight he had already had over 50. He was a big,
he was a big favorite. Uh, I, I just don't think, um, you know, he, he,
they were very confident. They were very confident, um,
leading up to the fight and I don't think anyone imagined me to walk out of
there with that belt.
Um, the plan was formed in 1865 at the end of the civil
war. And it was formed by a, by six, uh, Confederate soldiers,
um, who were of Irish and Scottish descent. And what they did was they borrowed,
uh, the,
the rituals or similar rituals and names and a mystery from the Scottish
Rite, the masons ran this and all that kind of. Exactly.
Precisely dragons. Yep. Yep. Okay. So here's how the hierarchy works. All right.
So like I said, over the years,
central split apart into different splinter groups, a plan. So,
and they all arrivals with each other.
If you see a couple different plan groups out in public,
they will hold a unified front, but behind closed doors,
they don't like each other real. Yeah. You know, w w we're real clown, you know,
that, you know, there are, want to be plan competition. Another thing,
because they may have been in the same town at one time and something happened,
somebody embezzled some plan dues or didn't get promoted, you know, whatever.
So anyway,
if you have a chapter of your particular Klan group
in another state, or in multiple states,
you may then consider yourself or your group to be a national clan group.
Therefore you must have a national leader.
So oversees all the states in which you have a chapter of your particular group.
So, um, we call our national leader,
the president and clan terminology.
That person is known as the Imperial wizard. Anybody who was,
who is prefixed with the word Imperial means that person is a national
officer wizard being the top. I, as an Imperial wizard,
be like a president and Imperial cliff will be like a vice-president.
And he had a secretary of treasury, his whole nine yards.
And then the next level down would be state, uh, the head of the state,
which we call the governor. That person is known as a grand dragon.
Anybody grand is on the state level.
They'd officer dragon being the top governor a grand playlists would be like a
Lieutenant governor and then secretary treasurer. And then within the state,
you have counties. The county leader is known as the great Titan,
anybody on the great level isn't as on the county level, um, within the county,
you have districts what they call Collabrance.
And we would call a district leader, a mayor, a Councilman alderman.
That individual is known as a, uh, as an exalted Cyclops.
So exalted Cyclops. So if you want to dress them, you would say, sir,
exalted Cyclops. Yeah. Wow. That's hilarious.
Uh, so who are you voting for now?
Ah, ah.
What a whirlwind you're in, huh? Strange.
Strange to watch it take place. Cause it's so it's so obvious what it is.
It's a no they're using me to make him look bad that
he supports me or that he used my endorsement. Right.
I had no idea they were going to do that. Either the Bernie Sanders people just,
and all I said is I'm probably going to vote for him. I said,
I like Tulsi Gabard I really love her. I love him. I love Andrew Yang.
Those are the people that I think like, here's, here's a really important point.
I'm a moron.
If you're basing who you're going to vote for on precedent for president based
on mine. Right? Like what I, like, I know I'm not,
I'm not that balls deep into this stuff. It's not, it's not, I'm not the guy.
Strange. And, and this is a little out of left field,
but how much of this is based on your look,
if you aren't a muscular baldheaded white guy,
I don't know if this would be a, I bet this would be a different game.
It's easy to paint me as a. Right. And also it's,
what's really funny is the thing that I said in the video was exactly what they
did. I said, if you just take the worst aspects of someone,
take out everything else, magnify it. Right. And you know,
you could paint them out to be a real piece of. Of course.
I have 10 texts today, but.
You said is that it's hard to do that with Bernie because he's really consistent
guy. He's the real deal. He.
Was out on the front lines in the sixties, the civil rights.
Right. Getting changed to people and getting arrested. Yeah, he was, um,
that doesn't mean he's going to be a great president. I don't, I don't know.
What's required to be a president. I really don't. And I don't understand.
What's required to make sure the economy functions correctly. And also,
I don't understand. What's required to make the military function correctly. No,
it's just guesswork. I mean, maybe we're better off with Trump.
Maybe we're better off with someone else. I don't know.